Document cannot find group id warning as known issue (#452)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: container-toolkit/troubleshooting.md

the NVIDIA Container Toolkit adds the group IDs that own these device nodes on the host as additional group
IDs for the container.
Because these group IDs are resolved from the host, a matching group entry does not necessarily exist in the
container's `/etc/group` file.
When a tool such as `groups` or `id` tries to resolve the name for such a group ID and does not find a
matching entry, it emits this warning.

This warning is cosmetic and does not affect access to the requested devices.
The device nodes remain accessible from the container because access is granted by the group ID and does not
require a corresponding group name.

### Mitigations and Workarounds

If you want to suppress the warning, you can disable the injection of additional group IDs for device nodes by
enabling the `no-additional-gids-for-device-nodes` feature flag.
Note that disabling this feature can prevent non-root users in a container from accessing device nodes that
rely on group ownership for access, such as those used for video and rendering.

The feature is applied differently depending on how devices are injected into the container:

> * When the NVIDIA Container Runtime injects devices (for example, the Docker `--gpus` flag), enable the feature 

Reviewer: minor correction -- specifying the `--gpus` flag does not invoke the NVIDIA Container Runtime. 
```suggestion
* When the NVIDIA Container Runtime is used for injecting devices (for example, when setting `--runtime=nvidia`), enable the feature 
```

  flag in `/etc/nvidia-container-runtime/config.toml`:
  ```toml
  [features]
  no-additional-gids-for-device-nodes = true
  ```

> * When you generate a CDI specification with `nvidia-ctk cdi generate`, pass the feature flag so that the

Reviewer: minor nit
```suggestion
* When generating a CDI specification with `nvidia-ctk cdi generate`, pass the feature flag so that the
```

Reviewer: @henry118 I see you have accepted this suggestion (and my others). Thanks! In the future, if you could reply to each comment indicating whether you have addressed it (or chosen not to), that would help facilitate additional reviews.

Author: Yep, got it.

> * When you generate a CDI specification with `nvidia-ctk cdi generate`, pass the feature flag so that the

Reviewer: We should also add a bullet for CDI specs generated by the `nvidia-cdi-refresh` systemd service. One can update `/etc/nvidia-container-toolkit/nvidia-cdi-refresh.env` to include:
```
NVIDIA_CTK_CDI_GENERATE_FEATURE_FLAGS=no-additional-gids-for-device-nodes
```
